                                                 -- WoWSource v9  General information =

                                         The emulator its based on trinity core but not 100%


                         ---Read The Rules---Read The Rules---Read The Rules---Read The Rules---Read The Rules---

1. Please push every Commit with the base Information Like DB Core and which File or Sector is affected e.g: Core/Player: Fix Carsh | Core/Guilds: Fix XP gain System | DB/Loot: Correct the loot for Npc
2: Push from now every SQL Update with Dates and from which Table it is. E.g: We modify some thing in creature_template us this as following: year_month_day_file number_world_creature_template.sql
3. Test all your Fixes first before you Push something
4. If you Test an unfinished Script, be sure to delink Scriptnames or Set Creatures to Faction 35 or make them invisible, this will prevent future Crashes and Errors
5. When Developer X is pushing a fix and you have wrong informations about that fix, please do not modify those files and make them fail, speak with the owner of that Fix, or be 100% sure that Developer X make some mistakes
6. Nerver finish a Boss in SmartAI there are just two exceptions for SmartAI's in Bossscripts. 1: Low Level Instances, Trash NPCs in Raids or Instances. It will never work with SmartAI for all Phases and Spells and this is just wasting your time to make a SmartAI that not even work 100%
7. If you have a lot to do in your Real Life or just enjoy your holiday, be sure to Inform one of the other Developers. Because it's better to know, why a person isn't online for a week or two and this will keep our plan correct.
8. We have here a ToDo-List for Developers. Please ask everytime if you can help in a Area e.g. Developer X is working on Dugeons, if you have time or a Fix, please ask this Person first, to push that fix. Because there is no other bad ass thing than push "Fixed Creatures" or Wrong Spawns and the other Developer need a rework on it 
9. If you want to work in the same area like an current Developer, please speak with him and try to find a way that both of you can work on it, this will also prevent future problems or stress between developers
10. We work with the Issue Tracker here on Gitub, please do not just open an Issue, try to find out in which area it goes and assign one of us to it (See ToDo List)
11. Before you deleting a Creature or deleting a whole instance, be sure to check EVERYTHING!!! as example: (creature_addon, game_event_creature, every referenced Loot Template. Be sure to hold our World Clean.
12. Don push any fix if that gives db errors and if you not tested before and working has intendet!
13. At the First mistake you will get a warning and the Second will get you out from our team if you not respect this rules!
14. All who fork this repo will be kicked out from main repo and exclude from our group with no posiblity to return!
15. Sharing the files are totaly against the rules of this team by any member and any violation of the rules will be punished
with 50000 dollars also kicked out and losing access and alot of dirty words about mom and family in general.
